yes well millet dog you nigga pooped
I'll go though we had to call why I ran
over to do see if I got no life anything
driving over to do that's making pokey
IRA know your black mike and night my
brother-in-law right here you know how
we do it now how we doing I read over
went through spending they got runover
do you get here so 22 I all my CFO
I wouldn't know where to do man your
black milk now get the car wash and
cleaning up get ready for 32 in the dirt
ahead I you see where the deal she got
be read on dit
I'll clean up and now you have nowhere
to do
go back over to my brother-in-law car
you ever know you can't clean up already
but you know how years no folk
rashmi thing up so our out driving over
the deal no way that's all we help lobby
to call watching never did you ever know
him he's doing it just to go
if you yes